Program instructions  (to be completed)

When the program start, the default analysis file is loaded (default.par in the
folder files). It contains the same as the alzrc example but without phases
and datafiles. Saving an analysis as default.par in the files folder will
overwrite it and this will become you standard initial analysis loaded when
you press the "new analysis" toolbar button or menu item. Use it has a 
default template.

The general phylosophy is that you can have one or more samples, anyone 
containing one or more phases arranged in layers and having some data sets 
associated (only its active datasets are used by any sample). Any set of data
(that you specify in the dataset panel) may contain more spectra collected on
different instruments (you have also the possibility to define more instruments).
The phase panel contains the phases. 
To work with datasets, phases, samples and intruments, just select the 
corresponding tabpanel and select one item from the list. Then press the edit 
button to edit/see that object.

Special fast and short notes: 

 - Spectra are under dataset. To plot a spectrum use the edit button for the 
   dataset, go to the datafile tabpanel, select the datafile and press the view
   button. In the plot use the right mouse button (options + mouse click on Mac)
   to activate some features. Clicking and dragging the mouse works like a box
   zoom. Double click to reset the scale.
   NOTE: to plot the datafiles from the main Maud window:
   selecting a dataset and choosing from the menu "Graphic:Plot selected Dataset"
   will make a multiplot of all enabled diffraction datafiles in the selected
   Dataset. If the compute spectra or refine button was never used, the fitting
   is not available and only the experimental data will be plotted.

 - To load a datafile go to the datafile tabpanel as specified above and use the
   Browse... button.
   
 - To view all the parameters used for the refinements you may select the
   "Parameters list" menu item. Only the refinable/not refinable parameters are
   visibles trough this method. They are arranged in principal and subordinate
   objects they belong to. You can change the status (refinable/not refinable
   or "equals to") by pressing the mouse in the last column. Or double clicking
   in the values column you may edit the actual value.
   Entire objects (like a phase) can be set refinable (means all the parameters
   in that object become refinables) or can be set "equals to" another phase (
   only equivalent object can be specified as "equals to"; equivalent means they
   have the same number of parameters and subordinate objects like atoms etc.).
   The "equals to" will put all the parameters of the selected phase "equal to"
   the parameters of the target phase, one by one; the action can be inherited
   to subordinate objects or not.
   
 - Use the wizard panel to perform an automatic analysis (there is an help inside
   the panel). Or specify the refinable/not refinable parameters as you like
   and choose the refine menu command to start the least square refinement.
   The wizard panel can be used also for fast setting of the parameters (see
   the help inside).
   
 - You can load some phases and/or instruments from the databases. (Instruments.mdb
   for instruments and structures.mdb for phases).
   In general to load an object (phase, instrument, dataset...) you can select the 
   corresponding tabpanel and use the "add (database)" button. Then load a file
   containing the object you need (file in CIF format, also an analysis file
   can be choosen), a window will appear containing a list of all the objects of
   that type in the file. Choose the one you need and that's all. If you load an
   Instrument from an analysis files, two object will be displayed with the same
   name, the second is a dummy one.

 - Texture and microstructure are under the phase edit panel.

You can load some examples from the files folder. The starting one can be the
file alzrc.par. It's a double phase example. To load it, use the 
File:open analysis   menu item and choose the specified file.
With this example you can compute the spectrum (in the menu) or to refine. Try
also this last. You can watch the fitting under dataset, select the data files
tab, select the file and press the view button. Data files can be loaded using
the browse button. You can zoom in dragging a rectangle. Then try the right
button, a menu will appear. The right button is special, if you use it in the
pink fields a popup menu appears that permit you to specify if the underlaying
parameter must be refinable or not or equal to another parameter. When you
complete one refine cycle leaving the free parameters as they are you can try to
refine better the spectrum going to the instrument/aberration/HWHM tab, select
one by one the three Caglioti parameters and use the right button in the pink
field to specify all these parameters refinables. Close the window (the close
button save the changes, the cancel not) and choose again refine from the compute
menu. This time the wss will go lower and the fit will be better.

Try to play as you like.  There are more examples (gtial.par, neutron, more 
files). You can load it from the menu, select file and open. (The new will load 
the default example). Try the compute spectrum and then go to see with the view 
button the fitting.

