-----------DataFormats recognized by Maud----------------

This is a list of data formats recognized by Maud when
you try to load a datfile in a dataset using the browse
button.

On the base of the extension of the datafile name Maud
will try to load the datafile assuming a certain internal
format. If the file will not be loaded, then the format
was not the one Maud was especting. Or the format is not
supported, or the extension of the file is not the one 
Maud expect for that format or there is an error inside
the datafile or a change not expected by Maud.

If for a datafile with a certain format you have a 
different extension from the one listed here for that 
format, you need to change the extension to the file in
order to load the datafile by Maud.

Notes: 
- To recognize an extension Maud look for a matching
substring inside the datafile name. So if the extension
recognized by Maud is ".gd", then any file containing the
substring ".gd" will be recognized; for example:
myfile.gda
myfile.gdat.txt
*.gd*
- Only ASCII dataformats are recognized by Maud. It is 
the only format that could be cross platform. If you have 
a binary datafile you should use the software of your
diffractometer to transform it to an ASCII datafile.
If your diffractometer has no possibility to do that
complain with the manufacturer because in general you
will not be able to use any software that is not of the
manufacturer. Binary formats are not portables!!
- Line ending is not a problem for Maud (CR, LF or both)

Here is the list of formats recognized by the program 
with the corresponding extension (or a subset of the extension, so
.mbin works as .mbi)

extension / multispectra supported / datafile description

.awa       n      awav datafile format (Stanford)
.spc       n      Berkeley dataformat
.cif       n      CIF (IUCr) dataformat
.cpi       n      Sietronic CPI datafile
.f1b       y      D1B (ILL, Grenoble)
.num       y      numor (ILL, Grenoble), D20 (ILL)
.dbw       n      DBWS datafile (Young & Wiles program)
.prn       n      double column format (2Theta Intensity)
.asc       n      first line: title, following: double column format (2Theta Intensity)
.ddq       n      reflectivity, double column in Q Int
.dlq       n      reflectivity, double column in Q Int
                  but fitting in Log10, weigths = 1
.dcq       n      reflectivity, double column in Q Int
                  but weigths = 1/Log10(Int)
srwa       y      Dubna (SKAT) dataformat
.c00       n      ESRF B11 double column (Q Int)
.eth       n      ETH Zurich, 3 columns, 2Th Int Standard Deviation
.fit       n      Same as .cif
.fpr       n      FullProf datafile
.gda       y      GSAS datafile
.hda       y      Same as .gda for Hippo
.ttx       y      INEL ASCII datafile
.fdt       y      INEL binary datafile
.inl       y      Same as .ttx
.gs        y      Same as .gda for IPNS
.its       n      ItalStructures datafile
.esg       y      ESQUI/CIF datafile
.lp1       y      LPEC (Le Mans) datafile for Low Temp Diffractometer
.udf       n      Philips datafile
.raw       n      Rigaku datafile
.uxd       n      Siemens datafile
.dat       n      Venezia datafile
.rit       n      free format (     first row :   starting_angle step ending_angle
                               subsequent rows:   intensity
                                                  .....                            )
.mbi       y      INEL banana detector format in binary
.xy        n      two column datafile as the .prn
.txt       n      two column datafile as the .prn
.f20       y      D1B format for D20 at ILL

(Added in version 2.0)
.spe       n      Fluorescence ItalStructures data format
.spm       y      Fluorescence ItalStructures data format
.gem       y      GEM/Rotax at ISIS data format
.tbl       y      table data from unknown synchrotron source, each line a spectrum
.xrdml     y      xml datafile format of PANalytical

If the datafile format you have is not listed here and
you like to include it in Maud send an e-mail to
maud@ing.unitn.it
specifying the dataformat, the extension to use and the
name for it for inclusion in this list.

Also if you find that Maud is not able to load correctly
one of above formats send a note to:
maud@ing.unitn.it
specifying the problem and the format not loaded with
the specification of the format if necessary or an 
example.
