The Pawley method permits to refine structure factors directly into the least squares. Position and broadening
of the peaks are computed as in the normal Rietveld refinement, only structure factors are refined and not computed
from atoms positions. In such way Maud works similarly to a full profile pattern.
In the case of multi-pattern analysis, only one structure factor for peak is refined, so variations between
different patterns are to be accounted and modeled through texture or equivalent model.
The list of structure factors refined is visible in the parameter list. You don't need to set them refined one by
one (avoiding to refine the structure factors for peaks out of the range, but listed by Maud). To refine them
the trick is to use the parameter list panel/window, select the Pawley object and click with the mouse button
over the status of the object (should disply ***). In the combo box apeearing select "refinable", this will set
all the parameters in the object (thus all the structure factors) to "refinable", also for peaks out of the range,
don't worry. Be sure to set "not refinable" the parameter correlated or no more valid (atom positions, phase quantity
for this phase etc.). Start refine, Maud will check the Pawley method and if there are structure factors outside
the computation range refinable, it will put them "not refinable" before to start the least square or another
optimization algorithm. To set all of them "not refinable" use the same method, but for the status of the Pawley
object select "not refinable". You can do the same (refine/not refine) the Fhkl by enabling/disabling the
"refine Fhkl" check box in the Pawley method options.
When you go from one model to the Pawley (or reverse), the initial Fhkl will be tranferred. So you may start with
arbitrary structure factors with Le Bail extractor, and switch after to Pawley.
You can tweak the starting Fhkl value of Pawley (when resetting) in the Preferences. Be careful that this is the value
usued for all peaks outside the range. So if you set a too high value, you will end up in too high peak tails from
outside peaks coming in at the pattern borders.
