-----------------------The Superflip (Palatinus) structure solution model---------------------------------------------

Note:
Maud does not come with the superflip executable included. Before to use this method, you should
download an executable appropriate for your platform from:
http://superspace.epfl.ch/superflip/
and put ot in the plugins directory that must be in the same directory containing the Maud executable.
If you want to change the Superflip module in Maud you can download the source code for it from
http://www.ing.unitn.it/~maud/developer.html
and compile it yourself using the instructions given there. Then you put it in the plugins directory
(may be changing the name of the module as a Superflip (Palatinus) is already present. That way you may
customize it for your purposes. You just need the Maud library/libraries (maud.jar) and a java compiler.

Info:
This module permit to integrate the superflip program of Palatinus into the Maud work flow.
You need to first download the superflip executable and put it in the plugins directory. The name of the executable
should be "superflip" (superflip.exe on Windows) but you can change it in the preferences, look for
"superflip.executable_name".
To use superflip, in the Adavanced models panel when editing a phase, select for "Structure Factor model"
-> "structure solution model", then be sure you have an "Structure Factor Extractor" model like "Le Bail"
and set the correct options in the "Superflip (Palatinus)" model under "Structure solution model".
At the moment Maud uses only basic features of superflip. You select the correct division of the electron map
(only the entire cell can be used; reduced cell is not enabled). Remember to set a division in a way the
element has same dimensions along all axes and respect the presence of 3-fold, 2-fold axes (set the number
of elements a multiple of the symmetry axis value).
The other button are for plottig the e-map or resetting it.

How it works:
To effectively work with it, I normally perform some cycles using arbitrary structure factor and Le Bail extractor,
then I switch to Structure solution model and Superflip (Palatinus). I run it in a normal refinement as the solution
improves by multiple iterations. It is advisable to set the overlapping range in Le Bail (summation range) to zero
and number of iterations not too high (5 is a good value) to preserve also part of the previous solution found
by superflip, as in principle by running multiple iteration should converge to the real e-map.
If you wish to look at the executable script used by Maud to run Superflip, in the Preferences set
superflip_script.remove to false, then the script in the plugins folder will not be removed at end and you can check it.
Maud prepare a file with the phase name ending in .inflip for input of superflip. Then at the end of the computation
Maud read the .xplor and .m80 files produced by superflip. The .xplor is used to read the electron map file for
plotting. From the .m80 file Maud read the structure factors to be used for the actual computation and starting
values for extraction of structure factors by Le Bail.
