		- Tutorial examples - (to be completed)

Availables in the files folder:

- alzrc.par: a double phase example (Corundum + Zirconia-Ceria), one datafile,
  Bragg-Brentano instrument. The microstructure use the anisotropic Popa model.
  The refinement can be improved slightly by refining the crystal structure of
  the phases. Choose the wizard menu item in the refinement menu. In the 
  appearing frame, select "previous + crystal structure" in the refine panel
  and press the "Go" button. The program will select all the necessary 
  parameters to refine and will execute the number of iterations as they
  are set in the Refinement:Options panel. To view the spectrum fitted, 
  click the Datasets tabPanel and select the only dataset available in the list.
  Press the button in the toolbar corresponding to a small graphic icon.
  
- sio250.par: silica glass + Corundum example. Good to see how analyse silica
  (amorphous) content. The analysis has not been refined completely.
  To finish the analysis, select the Refinement:wizard menu item and in the
  refine panel select "previous + microstructure" (to see what this mean
  press the help button). Exit the wizard frame by pressing the "set
  parameters" button. If you check in the parameters list the wizard has
  turned some parameters to refinable. Expand the tree branchs for the
  Silica-cubic-glass and you will see that for the crystallite microstrain
  only the crystallite value has been set refinable to avoid some correlations
  and perform a better quantitative analysis (this is controlled by the label
  "Amorph" or "Amorphous" in the Phase id field in the edit panel for the
  silica-glass phase). Press the hammer button to iterate the refinement with
  the actual status of the parameters. At end you can check under the 
  sample edit frame inside the Layer tabPanel the amount in volume or
  weight for the two phases (the sample was prepared mixing 50-50 % in 
  weight of silica and corundum).
  
- bbm48bis.par: deformation and stacking faults example. The fcc phase is
  broadened by faulting. After opening the analysis file, you can press the
  "calculator" toolbar button to compute the spectrum as it is with the 
  actual parameters. After the computation, select the "bbm48bis" dataset in the
  Datasets list and press the "graphic" toolbar button. Select the fcc phase
  and press the edit button to enter the panel for editing the structure/
  microstructure characteristics. Pressing the microstructure button you can
  see the models used for refining the planar faults (use the options buttons
  to see the parameters values and settings for the selected models).
  
- gtial1.par: how Maud deal with more spectra togheter and neutron from ILL D1B.

- cpd1h.par: this is the analysis on the corresponding sample of the round-robin
  on quantitative analysis. See the Iucr web pages for more explanations.
  
- y2o3.par: how it was refined the instrumental function for the round-robin
  example cpd1h.par. Assuming the y2o3 was perfectly crystallized.......
  In this case also the ratio apha1/alpha2 was refined (check in the 
  instrument edit frame under the radiation options).

- film1.par: refinement of an intermetallic from a film from a Debye-Scherrer
  camera. The spectrum was imported with Maud from the image film1.jpg (
  or the film16.tif, 16 bit gray-scale tiff image).
  See the tutorials web pages on how to import a datafile from a scannerized 
  image.

- limestone.par: texture example from neutron TOF diffraction at IPNS. This is 
  available only has tutorial directly on the web pages:
  http://www.ing.unitn.it/~luttero/maud/tutorial

Other tutorials are availables on-line:
- Quantitative analysis tutorial (see http://www.ing.unitn.it/~luttero/maud/tutorial) 
  by L. Cont
- Exporting data from film images 
  (see http://www.ccp14.ac.uk/tutorial/maud/film_to_data.html)
- Another tutorial on texture analysis using traditional pole figures and spectra.

More to come....
