----------The refinement wizard: automatic analyses------------

Warning: To be updated!!

In this panel you can select the kind of analysis you wish to perform
and pressing Go! the program will try to complete that analysis.

Actually you can choose three kind of complete analyses (Special panel):

- quantitative phase analysis
- crystal structure analysis
- texture analysis

Obviously you have to check before if you have at least one sample
defined (with one or more active dataset in it, the datasets with
some datafile to be analyzed at least one instrument and one or more
phases.
For the texture also you have to add one intensity extractor (like
Le Bail) from the dataset edit panel (general properties) if not already
enabled and to specify the texture model to be applied (in the phase
edit panel press the texture button and select the model) for any phase
you want to analyze the texture.

If you have all you need defined than you can use this wizard panel to
let the program select the refinement cycle more appropriate for
your analysis.


There are others options if you don't want to follow the entire 
automatic cycle. For example if you have already performed a 
quantitative analysis and you want only to do some addition iterations
you can choose the option:
-	previous + microstructure parameters
to repeat only the last analysis cycle.

As a guideline the quantitative analysis perform a sequence of the first
three options in the refine panel.
The crystal structure analysis add the forth option at end and the texture
analysis is equivalent to a quantitative analysis + the last option in the
refine panel.

There are also some buttons to free, fix or bound some specific parameters.
The bound B factor for examples bound all B factors equal to the first one
of the first phase that will be free. If you don't want to perform
additional setting exit the panel by closing it.

If you press the Go! button an automatic refinement will start with the
option selected in the special or refine panel.
Pressing the Set parameters button the program will prepare the 
parameters for the analysis specified in the refine Panel and the frame
is closed. Then you can free or fix some others parameters and select
the manual refinement (refine in the refinement menu).

		Good work!
